Computer Graphics is used to create all sorts of images.
But at the end of the day they're just
pixels that have been given a certain colour value.
Computer Scientists who work in Computer Graphics
work out how to take an object,
do some calculations and translate that
to a computer screen.
For example: we need to think about an object's rotation;
its position in 3D space;
and its size. [quack]
This also involves specifying colours mathematically,
and working out what objects should
appear in front of others.
And how to add shadows, and reflections.
Even working out which pixels to use
to draw a circle, or a line
isn't that simple.
In this chapter, we're going to look at
some of the challenges
and some of the calculations needed
to get the right pixels
in the right places
on the screen.
Computer Graphics